#Workout 1
This project is intended to demonstrate how R can be used to generate summary statistics for large data files - in this case, we are using csv files that contain shooting information for five players on the Golden State Warriors. Not only are we cleaning and preparing the data - we are also visualizing the shot data by creating shot charts that give a visual representation of where on the basketball court the shots were taken, and whether or not they were made. We can calculate the total number of shots taken by each player, and separate the type of shots by whether they are two pointers or three pointers. We can also calculate the percentage of shots made for each category (two pointers, three pointers, and total shots). 

In addition to the statistical analysis done in R, this project makes use of a more complex file structure - ie. multiple folders dedicated to code, images, data, output, etc. This results in a more organized end product, as it has multiple outputs and R scripts to keep track of.

Moreover, this project will be submitted through Github. Understanding how to commit and add to the Github repository is crucial for working in groups later on, and as Github is a valuable tool to understand, this project serves as a good introduction.

One of the final outputs of this project is a report document that acts as a narrative for the data that has been produced. This is especially important, as it makes data way easier to understand to readers since it provides context. Additionally, in most cases, the data visualizations produced can be used to better explain concepts or provide supporting evidence to claims.